Protocol
=======

This protocol wish to able allow user or developer connect
 with other peer (by name, ID, or other things) directly. Like DHT
 used in BEP protocol, but more easy to use and extensible.
 
The API are written in the type of Golang.

##Peer

A peer is a client when it join the network. A peer has a unique ID, 
may be generated as the HASH of its ip address and port. Peers are 
connected by any kind of topology, Kademelia, chord, or others. 


###API

+	GetPeer(PeerID string) (Address Peer)

##Event

An event can be subscribe or unsubscribe by peers. An event implement 
many kinds of features by control the authority of the peers. The authority
 may range from read, write, be able to change others' information or not, need
 permission when join in or not. The machanism of the event may also 
 decide whether post some information to you automatically or not.
 
An event have an ID generated by HASH of metadatas of the event. Some peers 
will be responsible to implement certain machanism of the event. These peers
are choosen by specific algrithm depending on the topology of the peers. 
In Kadimelia, these peers may the 10 peers that have the minimum XOR distance 
to the event ID.

The peers that are responsible for this event will only do the routing stuff, 
which means tell the address of peers to each other. They will not transfer any 
information or files as a bridge. The responsibility of verify the signature 
or some other validation remain with the peers.

##API

+	GetSubscibers(EventID string) (peers []Peer)
+	Subscribe(EventID string) (event EventData)
+	Unsubscribe(EventID string)

#Developer Needed
This is a totally new project. Welcome to join me!

